Welcome to Genoa, the beautiful coastal city of northern Italy.
It is a vertical city built on hills.
It has so many hills that the city has many outstanding rail and lifts
Which make its way through the rocks, and shorten
Miles of meanders and creeps or thousands of stairs.
The most striking of all this is "Castello d'Albertis Montegalleto".
Or: "Elevator Castle".
In the past, you had to walk 300 meters to the top
But now, if you start from the bottom
You'll find strange, cubic boxes to take you up.
It is like any ordinary elevator, but it runs horizontally.
Ascend it and walk your 300 meters across the rocks
Pass some controls then,
After a few transfers between the funds destined for the other side ..
Moving vertically,
The castle ascends to the top of the hill.
You may now think it is a great theoretical idea,
It's like a science fiction film, but it's certainly serious
Well, I'm saying this and I'm wearing a red shirt!
Lifts must contain all protection systems
So that the interruption of a wire does not cause a disaster.
Fikim managed to make one of these elevators
When does it separate itself and ascend?
The answer is: they can not. Because the elevator does not do so.
The solution is somewhat clear:
There are two independent systems here.
This is similar to the way Disney uses the "horror tower" in the amusement park:
The box where the passengers climb is only horizontal
So that it is connected to a wire.
When it arrives
All enter into another larger elevator.
So cling to the elevator tightly,
And then moved up or down safely
Like a traditional passenger elevator.
It's a genius engineering.
I shortened the people 300 meters to reach their elevator.
Translation: Knight.